skateboarding is a funny thing like
imagine someone that doesn't have a clue
about skateboarding driving the car and
they look over and see some kid jump
down so the stairs land on his face and
instead of going home he gets back up
and tries it again like that makes sense
I mean but that's what we do we jump
down things we get hurt we break our
boards we get angry and we do it over
and over and over again every single day
because we love it and it's something
that if you don't skate you just won't
understand and it's stuck with you too
because once your escape order you're
not going back you live a skateboard you
die escape word
do that we're right not my plot every
scar
[Applause]
[Music]
you